NAME                                                 DISPLAY NAME                                                          DEFAULT CHANNEL
abinitio-runtime-operator                            Co>Operating System Runtime Operator                                  release-4.3
acc-operator                                         netapp-acc-operator                                                   stable
accuknox-operator-certified                          Accuknox Operator                                                     stable
aci-containers-operator                              Cisco ACI Containers Operator                                         stable
aikit-operator                                       Intel® oneAPI AI Analytics Toolkit Operator                           alpha
aiu-operator                                         AIU Operator                                                          stable-2.1
ako-operator                                         AKO Operator                                                          stable
alloy                                                Alloy                                                                 alpha
anchore-engine                                       Anchore Engine Operator                                               alpha
anzo-operator                                        Anzo Operator                                                         stable
anzograph-operator                                   AnzoGraph Operator                                                    stable
anzounstructured-operator                            Anzo Unstructured Operator                                            stable
app-insights-operator                                App Insights                                                          stable
appdynamics-cloud-operator                           Cisco AppDynamics Cloud Operator                                      alpha
appdynamics-operator                                 AppDynamics Operator for Kubernetes                                   alpha
aqua-operator-certified                              Aqua Security Operator                                                2022.4
bookkeeper-operator                                  BookKeeper Operator                                                   alpha
cass-operator                                        DataStax Kubernetes Operator for Apache Cassandra                     stable
ccm-node-agent-dcap-operator                         CCM Node Agent DCAP Operator                                          alpha
ccm-node-agent-operator                              CCM Node Agent Operator                                               alpha
cilium                                               Cilium                                                                1.15
cilium-enterprise                                    Isovalent Enterprise for Cilium                                       1.15
cloud-native-postgresql                              EDB Postgres for Kubernetes                                           stable-v1.24
cloudbees-ci                                         CloudBees CI                                                          alpha
cloudnative-pg                                       CloudNativePG                                                         stable-v1
cnfv-operator                                        CloudNFV                                                              alpha
cockroachdb-certified                                CockroachDB Operator                                                  stable
confluent-for-kubernetes                             Confluent for Kubernetes                                              2.9
conjur-follower-operator                             Conjur Enterprise Follower Operator                                   stable
couchbase-enterprise-certified                       Couchbase Operator                                                    stable
crunchy-postgres-operator                            Crunchy Postgres for Kubernetes                                       v5
cte-k8s-operator                                     CipherTrust Transparent Encryption for Kubernetes (CTE-K8s) Operator  stable
datadog-operator-certified                           Datadog Operator                                                      stable
dell-csm-operator-certified                          Dell Container Storage Modules                                        stable
digitalai-deploy-operator                            Digital.ai Deploy                                                     stable
digitalai-release-operator                           Digital.ai Release                                                    stable
dynatrace-operator                                   Dynatrace Operator                                                    alpha
eginnovations-operator                               eG Innovations Universal Agent Operator                               beta
elasticsearch-eck-operator-certified                 Elasticsearch (ECK) Operator                                          stable
exascaler-csi-driver-operator                        EXAScaler CSI File Driver                                             alpha
f5-bigip-ctlr-operator                               F5 Container Ingress Services                                         stable
f5-ipam-controller-operator                          F5 Ipam controller                                                    stable
falcon-operator                                      CrowdStrike Falcon Platform - Operator                                certified-1.0
federatorai-certified                                Federator.ai                                                          stable
fujitsu-enterprise-operator                          FUJITSU Enterprise Postgres 13 Operator                               stable-13
fujitsu-enterprise-postgres-operator                 Fujitsu Enterprise Postgres Operator                                  stable
fujitsu-enterprise-postgres-operator-with-cg-module  Fujitsu Enterprise Postgres Operator with Cryptographic Module        stable
function-mesh                                        Function Mesh Operator                                                alpha
gaudi-ai-sw-tools-operator                           Intel® Gaudi AI SW Tools Operator                                     alpha
gitlab-operator-kubernetes                           GitLab                                                                stable
gitlab-runner-operator                               GitLab Runner                                                         stable
gpu-operator-certified                               NVIDIA GPU Operator                                                   v24.6
habana-ai-operator                                   Intel Gaudi AI accelerator                                            stable
hazelcast-platform-operator                          Hazelcast Platform Operator                                           alpha
hpe-csi-operator                                     HPE CSI Operator for Kubernetes                                       stable
hpe-ezmeral-csi-operator                             HPE Ezmeral Data Fabric CSI Operator for Kubernetes                   stable
hspc-operator                                        Hitachi Storage Plug-in for Containers                                stable
ibm-application-gateway-operator                     IBM Application Gateway Operator                                      stable
ibm-block-csi-operator                               IBM block storage CSI driver operator                                 stable
ibm-data-reporter-operator                           IBM Data Reporter Operator                                            stable
ibm-metrics-operator                                 IBM Metrics Operator                                                  stable
ibm-security-verify-access-operator                  IBM Security Verify Access Operator                                   stable
ibm-security-verify-directory-operator               IBM Security Verify Directory                                         stable
ibm-security-verify-operator                         IBM Security Verify Operator                                          stable
ibm-storage-odf-operator                             IBM Storage ODF operator                                              stable-v1.5
infinibox-operator-certified                         InfiniBox CSI Driver - Operator                                       stable
infoscale-dr-manager                                 InfoScale™ DR Manager                                                 fast
infoscale-licensing-operator                         InfoScale™ Licensing Operator                                         fast
infoscale-operator                                   InfoScale™ SDS Operator                                               stable
infoscale-sds-operator                               InfoScale™ SDS Operator                                               fast
infrastructure-asset-orchestrator-certified          Infrastructure Asset Orchestrator                                     stable
instana-agent-operator                               Instana Agent Operator                                                stable
intel-device-plugins-operator                        Intel Device Plugins Operator                                         alpha
intel-kubernetes-power-manager                       Intel Kubernetes Power Manager                                        alpha
iomesh-operator                                      IOMesh Operator                                                       stable
joget-dx-operator                                    Joget DX Operator                                                     alpha
joget-dx8-openshift-operator                         Joget DX 8 Operator                                                   alpha
joget-dx8-operator                                   Joget DX 8 Operator                                                   alpha
k8s-triliovault                                      Trilio for Kubernetes                                                 4.0.x
keysight-ati-updates                                 Keysight ATI Updates Operator                                         alpha
keysight-kcos-framework                              Keysight KCOS Framework Operator                                      alpha
keysight-kcos-ingress                                Keysight KCOS Ingress Operator                                        alpha
keysight-kcos-licensing                              Keysight KCOS Licensing Operator                                      alpha
keysight-kcos-sso                                    Keysight KCOS SSO Operator                                            alpha
keysight-keycloak-operator                           Keysight Keycloak Operator                                            alpha
keysight-load-core                                   Keysight LoadCore Operator                                            alpha
keysight-loadcore-agents                             Keysight LoadCore Agents Operator                                     alpha
keysight-nats-operator                               Keysight Nats Operator                                                alpha
keysight-nimbusmosaic-dusim                          Keysight Nimbus Mosaic DUSim Operator                                 alpha
keysight-rest-api-browser-v1                         Keysight Rest API Browser Operator v1                                 alpha
keysight-wap-appsec                                  Keysight WAP APPSEC Operator                                          alpha
keysight-wap-core                                    Keysight WAP Core Operator                                            alpha
keysight-wap-db                                      Keysight WAP DB Operator                                              alpha
keysight-wap-diagnostics                             Keysight WAP Diagnostics Operator                                     alpha
keysight-wap-logging                                 Keysight WAP Logging Operator                                         alpha
keysight-wap-migration                               Keysight WAP Migration Operator                                       alpha
keysight-wap-msg-broker                              Keysight WAP Message Broker Operator                                  alpha
keysight-wap-notifications                           Keysight WAP Notifications Operator                                   alpha
keysight-wap-stats-dashboards                        Keysight WAP Stats Dashboard Operator                                 alpha
keysight-wap-storage                                 Keysight WAP Storage Operator                                         alpha
keysight-wap-test-core                               Keysight WAP Test Core Operator                                       alpha
keysight-wap-ui                                      Keysight WAP UI Operator                                              alpha
keysight-websocket-service                           Keysight Websocket Operator                                           alpha
kong-gateway-operator                                Kong                                                                  alpha
kove-operator                                        Kove:SDM™ Operator                                                    stable
kubearmor-operator-certified                         KubeArmor Operator                                                    stable
kubecost-operator                                    Kubecost                                                              alpha
kubemq-operator-marketplace                          Kubemq Enterprise Operator                                            alpha
kubeturbo-certified                                  Kubeturbo Operator                                                    stable
leaksignal-operator                                  LeakSignal Operator                                                   stable
lenovo-locd-operator                                 lenovo-locd-operator                                                  alpha
marketplace-games-operator                           Arcade Operator                                                       alpha
memcached-operator-ogaye                             memcached-operator-ogaye                                              alpha
memory-machine-operator                              Memory Machine Operator                                               alpha
minio-aistor-operator                                Minio Aistor Operator                                                 stable
minio-operator                                       Minio Operator                                                        stable
model-builder-for-vision-certified                   IBM Model Builder for Vision                                          stable
mongodb-atlas-kubernetes                             MongoDB Atlas Operator                                                stable
mongodb-enterprise                                   MongoDB Enterprise Operator                                           stable
netapp-spark-operator                                NetApp Supported Apache Spark on OpenShift                            alpha
netscaler-adm-agent-operator                         Netscaler ADM Agent Operator                                          stable
netscaler-operator                                   NetScaler Operator                                                    stable
neuvector-certified-operator                         NeuVector Operator                                                    beta
nexus-repository-ha-operator-certified               Nexus Repository HA Operator                                          stable
nginx-ingress-operator                               Nginx Ingress Operator                                                alpha
nspc-operator                                        NEC Storage Plug-in for Containers                                    stable
nutanixcsioperator                                   Nutanix CSI Operator                                                  stable
nvidia-network-operator                              NVIDIA Network Operator                                               v24.7.1
nxiq-operator-certified                              Nexus IQ Operator                                                     stable
nxrm-operator-certified                              Nexus Repository Operator                                             stable
oceanbase-operator                                   Ob Operator                                                           stable
open-liberty-certified                               Open Liberty                                                          v1.4
openshiftartifactoryha-operator                      JFrog Artifactory Enterprise Operator                                 alpha
openshiftxray-operator                               JFrog Xray Continuous Security Operator                               alpha
operator-certification-operator                      Operator Certification Operator                                       alpha
ovms-operator                                        OpenVINO Toolkit Operator                                             alpha
pachyderm-operator                                   Pachyderm                                                             stable
pcc-operator                                         Prisma Cloud Compute Operator                                         stable
percona-postgresql-operator-certified                Percona Operator for PostgreSQL                                       stable
percona-server-mongodb-operator-certified            Percona Distribution for MongoDB Operator                             stable
percona-xtradb-cluster-operator-certified            Percona Operator for MySQL based on Percona XtraDB Cluster            stable-cw
pg4k-pgd                                             EDB Postgres Distributed for Kubernetes                               stable
pmem-csi-operator-os                                 Operator for PMEM-CSI driver                                          stable
portworx-certified                                   Portworx Enterprise                                                   stable
prometurbo-certified                                 Prometurbo Operator                                                   stable
pubsubplus-eventbroker-operator                      Solace PubSub+ Event Broker Operator                                  stable
pulsar-operator                                      Pulsar Operator                                                       alpha
pulsar-resources-operator                            Pulsar Resources Operator                                             alpha
redis-enterprise-operator-cert                       Redis Enterprise Operator                                             production
runtime-component-operator-certified                 Runtime Component                                                     v1.4
runtime-fabric-operator                              Runtime Fabric Operator                                               stable
sanstoragecsi-operator-bundle                        NEC Storage M Series CSI Operator                                     stable
scaleops-operator                                    ScaleOps                                                              stable
silicom-sts-operator                                 Silicom STS Operator                                                  stable
smilecdr-operator                                    Smilecdr Operator                                                     alpha
sn-operator                                          StreamNative Operator                                                 alpha
splunk-operator                                      Splunk Operator                                                       stable
sriov-fec                                            SRIOV-FEC Operator for Intel vRAN Boost Accelerators                  stable
stackable-airflow-operator                           Stackable Operator for Apache Airflow                                 24.7
stackable-commons-operator                           Stackable Commons Operator                                            24.7
stackable-druid-operator                             Stackable Operator for Apache Druid                                   24.7
stackable-hbase-operator                             Stackable Operator for Apache Hbase                                   24.7
stackable-hdfs-operator                              Stackable Operator for Apache HDFS                                    24.7
stackable-hive-operator                              Stackable Operator for Apache Hive                                    24.7
stackable-kafka-operator                             Stackable Operator for Apache Kafka                                   24.7
stackable-listener-operator                          Stackable Listener Operator                                           24.7
stackable-nifi-operator                              Stackable Operator for Apache Nifi                                    24.7
stackable-opa-operator                               Stackable Operator for the Open Policy Agent                          24.7
stackable-secret-operator                            Stackable Secret Operator                                             24.7
stackable-spark-operator                             Stackable Operator for Apache Spark                                   24.7
stackable-superset-operator                          Stackable Operator for Apache Superset                                24.7
stackable-trino-operator                             Stackable Operator for Trino                                          24.7
stackable-zookeeper-operator                         Stackable Operator for Apache Zookeeper                               24.7
stackgres-certified                                  StackGres                                                             stable
sumologic-kubernetes-collection-helm-operator        Sumo Logic Kubernetes Collection Helm Operator                        alpha
t8c-certified                                        Turbonomic Platform Operator                                          stable
t8c-tsc-client-certified                             Turbonomic Secure Connect Client                                      stable
tawon-operator                                       Tawon                                                                 alpha
tenant-operator                                      Multi Tenant Operator                                                 release-0.12
test-obi-new-cnf-option                              test-obi-new-cnf-option                                               stable
tigera-operator                                      Tigera Operator                                                       release-v1.34
timemachine-operator                                 Time Machine Operator                                                 alpha
uma-admin-operator                                   DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent Admin For Multi-tenancy             stable
uma-operator                                         DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent                                     stable
uma-team-operator                                    DX APM Universal Monitoring Agent Team For Multi-tenancy              stable
vault-secrets-operator                               Vault Secrets Operator                                                stable
vcp-operator                                         Venafi Control Plane Operator                                         stable
vfunction-server-operator                            vFunction Operator                                                    stable
webotx-operator                                      WebOTX Operator for Kubernetes                                        stable
xcrypt-operator                                      Zettaset XCrypt Operator                                              alpha
xspc-operator                                        HPE XP Storage Plug-in for Containers                                 stable
zabbix-operator-certified                            Zabbix Operator                                                       lts
zookeeper-operator                                   ZooKeeper Operator                                                    alpha
